# Stock Price Prediction Using Machine Learning Algorithm

Predicting how the stock market will perform is one of the most difficult things to do. There are so many factors involved in the prediction – physical factors vs. psychological, rational and irrational behaviour, etc. All these aspects combine to make share prices volatile and very difficult to predict with a high degree of accuracy.
       Can we use machine learning as a game-changer in this domain? Using features like the latest announcements about an organization, their quarterly revenue results, etc., machine learning techniques have the potential to unearth patterns and insights we didn’t see before, and these can be used to make unerringly accurate predictions.
       The core idea behind this article is to showcase how these algorithms are implemented. I will briefly describe the technique and provide relevant links to brush up on the concepts as and when necessary.
       Stock Price Prediction using machine learning helps you discover the future value of company stock and other financial assets traded on an exchange. The entire idea of predicting stock prices is to gain significant profits. Predicting how the stock market will perform is a hard task to do. There are other factors involved in the prediction, such as physical and psychological factors, rational and irrational behaviour, and so on. All these factors combine to make share prices dynamic and volatile. This makes it very difficult to predict stock prices with high accuracy. 
